Add contributing guide. (#234)
H-uru/moul-assets: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Getting Involved
Real-time discussion with team members and other contributors is an excellent way to begin contributing. We welcome feedback and discussion of proposed changes. Active maintainers can be found on the Guild of Writers IRC channel:
- Server: irc.guildofwriters.org:6667
- Channel: #writers

We also use the [Guild of Writers' forum](https://forum.guildofwriters.org/viewforum.php?f=3) for more permanent discussions. Further, many team members can also be found on the [OpenUru discord](https://discord.com/invite/tVknpHQ).

## Reporting Bugs and Requesting Features
We use GitHub's [issue tracker](https://github.com/H-uru/moul-assets/issues) to list bugs and feature requests. Good bug reports tend to have:
- a summary or background
- steps to reproduce the bug, the more specific, the better!
- what you expect to happen
- what actually happens
- any other pertinent notes, such as why you think the issue is happening and any mitigation you attempted

## Submitting Changes

> Changes to moul-assets generall fall under two categories: objective and subjective. Before submitting any changes to the repository, you will need to [request access](https://guildofwriters.org/assets_repo) to the LFS store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to moul-assets generally fall under two categories: objective and subjective. Before submitting any changes to the repository, you will need to [request access](https://guildofwriters.org/assets_repo) to the LFS store.
```

- fork the repository and make your changes as described by GitHub flow
- open a pull request and ensure that all test coverage and continuous integration passes
- document in the pull request body what you have changed and why

### Submitting Subjective Changes
Subjective changes tend to be larger in scope, such as a new Age or expansion of a previously existing Age, and generally require discussions around myriad aspects of their development. This can be a lengthy process involving many revisions to your contribution. For this reason, we do not accept pull requests for subjective changes until the changes have gone through an external content review process. There is currently no accepted content review process; we leave it up to the contributor to revise their content with discerning member(s) of the Age creation and development community. For a subjective change to be considered, an endorsement from at least *one* (1) discerning member of the Age creation and development community must be provided. If you need assistance with identifying a process or a discerning member, contact a [maintainer](https://github.com/H-uru/moul-assets/people).

> Subjective changes to the game are, by their very nature, subjective, hence our relucance to impose and document a specific review process. However, all subjective submissions should:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subjective changes to the game are, by their very nature, subjective, hence our reluctance to impose and document a specific review process. However, all subjective submissions should:
```

- be relatively bug-free

> - be tested against the Myst Online: Uru Live version of the [Plasma Engine](https://github.com/H-uru/Plasma) by the creator (at minimum)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- be thoroughly tested against the Myst Online: Uru Live version of the [Plasma Engine](https://github.com/H-uru/Plasma)
```
My thought here is that what's most important about the testing is how comprehensive it is, rather than who specifically doing the testing. A group of responsible people engaged in thorough playtesting could be more valuable than testing by the author in some cases.

Author: While I agree with your point, the reason for the rule is that we have actually received submissions that have not been tested at all by the author against a H'uru environment, and the results were as catastrophic as you might expect. These kinds of submissions are particularly undesirable. I think the `be relatively bug-free` bullet implies the extensive testing you want.

> - be tested against the Myst Online: Uru Live version of the [Plasma Engine](https://github.com/H-uru/Plasma) by the creator (at minimum)

Author: I think my original intent was that any Ages that are submitted here shouldn't suddenly have regressions when they were mirrored back to OU. Given that we're not looking for Age content, your revision is more appropriate.
